add guidance to using underscores or dots for dbt model naming (#4750)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/best-practices/how-we-style/1-how-we-style-our-dbt-models.md

- 👥 Models should be pluralized, for example, `customers`, `orders`, `products`.
- 🔑 Each model should have a primary key.
- 🔑 The primary key of a model should be named `<object>_id`, for example, `account_id`. This makes it easier to know what `id` is being referenced in downstream joined models.
- Use underscores for naming dbt models; avoid dots.
  - ✅  `models_without_dots`
  - ❌ `models.with.dots`

>   - Underscores are more compatible and clear across platforms. Dots can cause quoting and case sensitivity complexities, especially in systems like Snowflake. Databases may also misinterpret dots as schema or database name separators. [dbt uses dots](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/why-cant-model-names-contain-dots/422) in its `unique_id` generation to differentiate resource types, package names, and resource names, which is another reason to avoid dots in model name. Read the [discussion](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/3246) for more details.

Author: folding in sophia's feedback
```suggestion
  - Use underscores because they’re more compatible and clear across platforms. Dots can cause
 dbt Cloud parser, quoting, and case sensitivity issues, especially in systems like Snowflake. Databases may also misinterpret dots as schema or database name separators. [dbt uses dots](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/why-cant-model-names-contain-dots/422) in its `unique_id` generation to differentiate resource types, package names, and resource names, which is another reason to avoid dots in model name. Read the [discussion](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/3246) for more details.
```

- 👥 Models should be pluralized, for example, `customers`, `orders`, `products`.
- 🔑 Each model should have a primary key.
- 🔑 The primary key of a model should be named `<object>_id`, for example, `account_id`. This makes it easier to know what `id` is being referenced in downstream joined models.
- Use underscores for naming dbt models; avoid dots.
  - ✅  `models_without_dots`
  - ❌ `models.with.dots`
  - Use underscores because they’re more compatible and clear across platforms. Dots can cause

>  dbt Cloud parser, quoting, and case sensitivity issues, especially in systems like Snowflake. Databases may also misinterpret dots as schema or database name separators. [dbt uses dots](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/why-cant-model-names-contain-dots/422) in its `unique_id` generation to differentiate resource types, package names, and resource names, which is another reason to avoid dots in model name. Read the [discussion](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/3246) for more details.

Author: hey @sophiad96 amazing feedback! made some tweaks, can you re review and let me know what you think!

>   - Use underscores because they’re more compatible and clear across platforms. Dots can cause
>  dbt Cloud parser, quoting, and case sensitivity issues, especially in systems like Snowflake. Databases may also misinterpret dots as schema or database name separators. [dbt uses dots](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/why-cant-model-names-contain-dots/422) in its `unique_id` generation to differentiate resource types, package names, and resource names, which is another reason to avoid dots in model name. Read the [discussion](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/3246) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Most data platforms use dots to separate `database.schema.object`, so using underscores instead of dots reduces your need for [quoting](/reference/resource-properties/quoting) as well as the risk of issues in certain parts of dbt Cloud. For more background, refer to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/3246).
```

Author: thanks for tidying this up! i think it might help to start off with the guidance of 'use underscores for model names..' and then continue with the why. 

i folded both in, what do you think about this:

> - Use underscores for model names, not dots. Most data platforms use dots to separate `database.schema.object`, so using underscores instead of dots reduces your need for [quoting](/reference/resource-properties/quoting) as well as the risk of issues in certain parts of dbt Cloud. For more background, refer to [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/3246).

Reviewer: You already have 
>- Use underscores for naming dbt models; avoid dots.
>    - ✅  `models_without_dots`
>    - ❌ `models.with.dots`

So I didn't think it needed repeating a third time in the context section

Author: Oh i see, i saw it was red so I thought it was removed! Got it

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/7335046/c21cd381-6472-449e-9dba-ca242033f60b)
For me the only red section is the context section, which is red because it was accidentally spilling onto two lines and I pulled it back to one
